Limits doc (#21316)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/_includes/limits-ydb.md

The table below lists the limits that apply to query execution.

| Parameter | Default | Explanation | Effect<br/>in case of<br/>a violation<br/>of the limit |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :---: |
| Query duration | 1800 seconds (30 minutes) | The maximum amount of time allowed for a single query to execute. | Returns status code `TIMEOUT` |
| Maximum number of sessions per cluster node | 1,000 | The limit on the number of sessions that clients can create with each {{ ydb-short-name }} node. | Returns status code `OVERLOADED` |
| Maximum query text length | 10 KB | The maximum allowable length of YQL query text. | Returns status code `BAD_REQUEST` |
| Maximum size of parameter values | 50 MB | The maximum total size of parameters passed when executing a previously prepared query. | Returns status code `BAD_REQUEST` |
| Maximum size of a row | 50 MB | The maximum total size of all fields of a single row returned or produced by the query. | Returns status code `PRECONDITION_FAILED` |

> | Maximum number of [locks](../contributor/datashard-locks-and-change-visibility) per DataShard | 10000 | The number of lock ranges per DataShard | Convert some locks to whole-shard locks (uses less memory, but locks the entire shard instead of just a part). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum number of [locks](../contributor/datashard-locks-and-change-visibility) per DataShard | 10000 | The number of lock ranges per DataShard | Converts some locks to whole-shard locks, which use less memory, but lock the entire shard instead of just a part. |
```

> | Maximum number of [locks](../contributor/datashard-locks-and-change-visibility) per DataShard | 10,000 | The number of lock ranges per DataShard | Converts some locks to whole-shard locks, which use less memory, but lock the entire shard instead of just a part. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Maximum number of [locks](../glossary.md#optimistic-locking) per DataShard | 10,000 | The number of lock ranges per DataShard | Converts some locks to whole-shard locks, which use less memory but lock the entire shard instead of just a part. |
```
